---
layout: post
title: Closure of notes.quantecon.org
author: Matt McKay
excerpt: QuantEcon is closing the notes.quantecon.org platform
#type: article
---

For the past 6 years we have hosted an online community at notes.quantecon.org. 

This was designed to be a place for the economics community to upload interesting 
notebooks and encourage linkages and discussion. 

There have been some excellent notebooks uploaded, and we thank all the authors
that have contributed to this community.

Unfortunately the notes platform (as currently designed) requires a server which
is relatively expensive to run and maintain. 

In addition there is a software 
maintenance burden to keep the underlying software called [Bookshelf](https://github.com/QuantEcon/Bookshelf) up to date.

As a result we have decided to close notes.quantecon.org.

To enable all these excellent notebooks to be accessible we have migrate all the current
notebooks to a [new static page hosted on GitHub](https://github.com/QuantEcon/notebook-gallery?tab=readme-ov-file#notesquanteconorg-notebook-gallery).

We welcome any PRs to contribute any additional notebooks.

QuantEcon will continue to think of new and innovative ways to build a sharing community for notebooks on computational economics.

There is some work underway with the Jupyter Book team for gallery support that may offer hosting notebooks as a collection of static webpages, 
which is much cheaper to host.

We thank you for your interest and participation in QuantEcon Notes. 

The [Bookshelf](https://github.com/QuantEcon/Bookshelf) project is open-source and will remain available for anyone interested in it. 